[NUI-Text] update to include text encoding (#1282)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/text.md

<a name="encoding"></a>

> ### Text property can accept UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding

Reviewer: How about simplifying the title, and adding one simple description?
For example

\### UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding

The text property can accept UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding

### UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding

> The text property can accept UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding

Reviewer: @surbhig12 I think checking the colons before the code block is missed.

```suggestion
The text property can accept UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding:

```

Reviewer 2: THank you for pointign this out.

<a name="encoding"></a>
### Text property can accept UTF16 or UTF32 character encoding

```
TextLabel title = new TextLabel();
title.Text = "\U0001f601";      //UTF-32
title.Text += "\ud83d\ude01";   //UTF-16
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please remove extra line

### Use Markup to represent encoded characters

> Markup text is not allowed to contain some characters unless they are representing tags such as "<" or ">". To use these characters or represent any unicode character, you must use reserved entities.

Reviewer: @surbhig12 I thought according to the SRI-B style, we need a sentence here.

The following example uses reserved entities:

Would you please check the sentence?

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:

Markup text is not allowed to contain some characters unless they are representing tags such as "<" or ">". To use these characters or represent any unicode character, you must use reserved entities. The following example uses reserved entities:

Reviewer: @surbhig12 Your suggestion has no big difference with mine, so I hope you to check again it there wasn't a mistake.

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho, the intention was not to change the sentence completely. I agree with your suggestion of "The following example uses reserved entities:", therefore I added it as a followign sentence.

Reviewer: Thanks for the reply, @surbhig12 

@Ali-Alzyoud as there were some missed points, would you please update them also? After that I'll ask @surbhig12 to check and approve again to proceed to next step.

### Use Markup to represent encoded characters

> Markup text is not allowed to contain some characters unless they are representing tags or entities such as "<", ">" or "&". To include these characters as a part of the text, user should use reserved entities like `&lt;`, `&gt;` or `&amp;`, The following example uses reserved entities:

Reviewer 2: Suggest rephrasing to:

```suggestion
Markup text is not allowed to contain some characters unless they are representing tags or entities such as "<", ">" or "&". To include these characters as a part of the text, you must use reserved entities such as `&lt;`, `&gt;` , or `&amp;`. The following example uses reserved entities:
```

Reviewer: @surbhig12 I edited your comment to remove unneeded space.

Reviewer 2: Thank you

```
TextLabel label = new TextLabel();
label.EnableMarkup = true;
label.Text = "&lt;&gt;"; //less-than greater-than
```

Markup text can include character with UTF32 representation as entities contain decimal or hexadecimal values.

> To represent decimal value, user can use : `&#` + `utf32_decimal_value` + `;`
> To represent hexadecimal value, user can use : `&#x` + `utf32_hexadecimal_value` + `;`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To represent decimal value, you can use: `&#` + `utf32_decimal_value` + `;`
To represent hexadecimal value, you can use: `&#x` + `utf32_hexadecimal_value` + `;`
```

The following example uses UTF32 entities:

```
TextLabel label = new TextLabel();
label.EnableMarkup = true;

> label.Text = "&#9786; &#x263a;"; //smile-face smile-face

Reviewer: ```suggestion
label.Text = "&#9786; &#x263a;"; //smile-face

```

Reviewer 2: Please incorporate this comment.

<a name="decorations"></a>

### Use Markup to represent encoded characters

> Since Markup text is not allowed to contain some characters unless they are representing tags such as "<" or ">", to use these characters or represent any unicode character, user should use reserved entities.

Reviewer 2: Suggest rephrasing to:

Markup text is not allowed to contain some characters unless they are representing tags such as "<" or ">". To use these characters or represent any unicode character, you must use reserved entities.

Please verify for technical accuracy.

```
TextLabel label = new TextLabel();
label.EnableMarkup = true;
label.Text = "&lt;&#x1f601;&gt;"; //less-than Smileface greater-than
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please remove extra line
